# 华为公司面试剧本

## performance

:man:: Hi, Mike.

:woman:: Hi, Kate. Nice to meet you.

:man::Nice to meet you,Kate. 

:woman::Mike, Tell me a little bit about yourself.

:man::I'm graduated from Chongqing University. While study at university, I participated in lots of software designing contests. Besides, I got three years scholarship. After graduation, I was hired by Tencent. Working for three years, I got numerous experiences. Now, I can get into a large company like us. And the position I pally for is software engineer. 

:woman::Why are you interested? 

:man::For the engineer, we aspire to bring high-tech products to everyone. What's more, connecting each device to one also is our mission. Operating one is operate all. 

:woman::You just said your work at Tencent for three years.

:man::Yes, through campus recruiting. At that time, I applied for the software department as a programmer and succeeded. But during the next three years, I was promoted to software engineer. 

:woman::Are you excel in C/C++? We need you to get in touch with the Underlying architecture.

:man::Sure, I learned embedded development and made a voice assistant myself to answer my questions and control my devices. It used deep learning algorithm to recognize my voice and other languages to build up. 

:woman::How many programing languages do you master?

:man::Except for c/c++, four actually, Java, Python, and c#. I also use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to build my web blog which is deployed on our company's cloud server. 

:woman::Ok, good. There are so many employees like you who have their blog. It seems like you are pretty suitable for this position. How about give a trial period of six months. 

:man::Couldn't better than that. I'll never let you down. 

:woman::Ok, one last question. What if you had a better idea when your boss leads you to a project. What will you do? 

:man::Emm, yeah. There must be some cases like that. I have met one when I work in Tencent. I just told the boss after I make a new plan for the project. And the boss was amazed and changed the plan after think twice. 

:woman::Do your have any questions? 

:man::Yes, what gonna be when the trial period expire. 

## conclusion

In this video, we simply show you how an applicant faces a job interview. But the real sense gonna be more complex. We also summarize the following tips to help you pass the job interview in the future. First, give out your strength in your brief to guide the interviewer's question. Second, use some world like our company to make a good impression. Third, ask some questions at last. Don't be one who knows everything. Good luck.

